{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 FiraCode-Light;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
// Plain text\
\'93Excuse me, I have to\'85\'94 Kumar\
\
\'93Huh?\'94 Random Dude\
\
\'93I have to ask you. Why are you peeing right here?\'94 Kumar\
\
\'93What?\'94 Random Dude\
\
\'93I mean, why would you pee right next to me when you could choose that bush or\'85\'94 Kumar\
\
\'93Well because this is a good bush to pee on. Why are you peeing on it?\'94 Random Dude\
\
\'93Well, no one was here when i chose this bush.\'94 Kumar\
\
\'93Oh! So you get to pee on it and no one else does? Huh?\'94 Random Dude\
\
\'93No, I just\'85\'94 Kumar\
\
\'93Is this your bush? You have a special bond with this bush? You the king of the forest? Are you a fucking tree-hugger? IS THIS YOUR SPECIAL BUSH?!\'94 Random Dude\
\
\'93Never mind. Forget it. I really don\'92t feel like getting stabbed tonight\'94 Kumar\
\
// JavaScript String Escape\
\\u201CExcuse me, I have to\\u2026\\u201D Kumar\\r\\n\\r\\n\\u201CHuh?\\u201D Random Dude\\r\\n\\r\\n\\u201CI have to ask you. Why are you peeing right here?\\u201D Kumar\\r\\n\\r\\n\\u201CWhat?\\u201D Random Dude\\r\\n\\r\\n\\u201CI mean, why would you pee right next to me when you could choose that bush or\\u2026\\u201D Kumar\\r\\n\\r\\n\\u201CWell because this is a good bush to pee on. Why are you peeing on it?\\u201D Random Dude\\r\\n\\r\\n\\u201CWell, no one was here when i chose this bush.\\u201D Kumar\\r\\n\\r\\n\\u201COh! So you get to pee on it and no one else does? Huh?\\u201D Random Dude\\r\\n\\r\\n\\u201CNo, I just\\u2026\\u201D Kumar\\r\\n\\r\\n\\u201CIs this your bush? You have a special bond with this bush? You the king of the forest? Are you a fucking tree-hugger? IS THIS YOUR SPECIAL BUSH?!\\u201D Random Dude\\r\\n\\r\\n\\u201CNever mind. Forget it. I really don\\u2019t feel like getting stabbed tonight\\u201D Kumar\\r\\n}